good morning je necklace and Chris
daughters at the caddisfly this is a
golden stonefly nymph and for folks that
like the realistic representation of
this nymph you would have liked to goose
by aughts for the tail to look just like
the natural but we're using grizzly hard
rubber legs you know four or five six
strands it's really nice looking stuff
and it gives that little wiggle and
brings the fish over to look at and we
could use tight tied this pattern using
Angora goat dubbing I think it's called
a olive brown that's a really nice and
with a vinyl D rib but guess what
fishing this is ultra chenille in a
brown a standard size
there's something about chenille that is
just innately attractive oh you know
that I I'm trying to I'm just trying to
trim up some of those apparent rubber
legs there so they don't show there
there I swear there is something that
fish really like about reverently about
chenille rubber legs too I think it
stinks well - you know it's it sinks
it's it's got the right look no we're
gonna um these nips are kind of brownish
olive brownish I'm gonna throw in a
piece of copper wire here because I'm
gonna put in put on some legs and for
the front for the thorax this fine I'm
just gonna use a plain old orange medium
chenille
make it just a little bit far here
and you eat the process of tying with
these tungsten beads is intriguing
because you want to fill the gap between
the body and the tungsten bead and so
you sometimes need to make a few extra
wraps right there now this happens to be
a this hackle happens to be a brown hen
cape tackle what I'm looking you could
use a you want it fairly well you want a
fairly narrow hackle on your final
product you can use a wider hackle and
just trim it no problem doing that it
isn't quite as pretty but it is every
bit as effective so I'm bringing this
right there
it's action a little trickier working
with these shorter net cackles you can
use a dry fly hackle if you still have
if you have some nice narrow whiting or
he burn or miss dry fly capes use them
use one of those dry fly brown hackles
you can use a black hackle for this idea
that you're looking for something that's
dark I'm gonna finish up okay here we
are
I'm gonna finish off this fly with a few
whip finishes if you would finisher is
it a whip finish using a few turns
I like the latter would finish using a
few turns is three a few that's my
understand here here you have a
Mackenzie golden